The compiler CRT unit interprets most of the control, alt, function keys
etc. from the linux console as well as giving cursor and color control.
Using this with an xterm did not give the full capabilities needed by
TR. Therefore TR linux uses a modified free pascal CRT unit.

That is, the crt.pp file here was taken from fpc-2.4.2/rtl/unix/crt.pp
and modified to produce the trcrt.pas file in the source directory.  The
original crt.pp file also includes various source files from the source
compiler include directory. These are crt.inc, crth.inc and textrec.inc.
The modified version needs to include these files, so they were copied
from the free pascal source to the TR linux src directory. This has all
worked without change through version 2.6 of the free pascal compiler.

With the release of the 3.0.2 version of the free pascal compiler,
the trcrt.pas file would no longer compile due to changes to the
compiler source.  Comparing the 2.4.2 crt.pp to the equivalent file in
version 3.0.2, fpc-3.0.2/packages/rtl-console/src/unix/crt.pp, which is
crt3.pp.3 here, an extra test was added, a few functions were changed to
procedures, and the textrec.inc file had major changes.  The test seemed
to be a bug fix, so it was added to trcrt.pas.  The other changes have
been incorporated into the source by including both compiler versions
of textrec.inc (with names textrec.inc and textrec3.inc) and including a
few {$ifdef VER3} {$else} {$endif} blocks to choose the correct files and
function/procedure definitions to be consistent with the compiler version.

With these changes, the code compiles with both version 2 and 3 of the
compiler.
